README.md, before:

# 🚨 simplisafe-python: A Python3, async interface to the SimpliSafe™ API

[![Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/bachya/simplisafe-python.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bachya/simplisafe-python)
[![PyPi](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/simplisafe-python.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/simplisafe-python)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/simplisafe-python.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/simplisafe-python)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/simplisafe-python.svg)](https://github.com/bachya/simplisafe-python/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/bachya/simplisafe-python/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/bachya/simplisafe-python)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/f46d8b1dcfde6a2f683d/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/bachya/simplisafe-python/maintainability)
[![Say Thanks](https://img.shields.io/badge/SayThanks-!-1EAEDB.svg)](https://saythanks.io/to/bachya)

`simplisafe-python` (hereafter referred to as `simplipy`) is a Python3,
`asyncio`-driven interface to the unofficial SimpliSafe™ API. With it, users can
get data on their system (including available sensors), set the system state,
and more.

**NOTE:** SimpliSafe™ has no official API; therefore, this library may stop
working at any time without warning.

**SPECIAL THANKS:** Original inspiration was obtained from
https://github.com/greencoder/easysafe-python; thanks to Scott Newman for all the
hard work!

# Python Versions

`simplisafe-python` is currently supported on:

* Python 3.5
* Python 3.6
* Python 3.7

However, running the test suite currently requires Python 3.6 or higher; tests
run on Python 3.5 will fail.

# Standard vs. Interactive SimpliSafe™ Plans

SimpliSafe™ offers two different monitoring plans:

>**Standard:** Monitoring specialists guard your home around-the-clock from
>our award-winning monitoring centers. In an emergency, we send the police to
>your home. Free cellular connection built-in.

>**Interactive:** Standard + advanced mobile app control of your system from
>anywhere in the world. Get text + email alerts, monitor home activity,
>arm/disarm your system, control settings right on your smartphone or laptop.
>Bonus: Secret! Alerts—get secretly notified when anyone accesses private
>rooms, drawers, safes and more.

Please note that only Interactive plans can access sensor values and set the
system state; using the API with a Standard plan will be limited to retrieving
the current system state.

# Installation

```python
pip install simplisafe-python
```

# Usage

## Getting Systems Associated with an Account

`simplipy` starts within an
[aiohttp](https://aiohttp.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) `ClientSession`:

```python
import asyncio

from aiohttp import ClientSession


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        # YOUR CODE HERE


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

To get all SimpliSafe™ systems associated with an account:

```python
import asyncio

from aiohttp import ClientSession

from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        # Get a dict of systems with the system ID as the key:
        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        # >>> {"1234abc": <simplipy.system.SystemV2 object at 0x10661e3c8>, ...}


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

## The `System` Object

`System` objects are used to retrieve data on and control the state
of SimpliSafe™ systems. Two types of objects can be returned:

* `SystemV2`: an object to control V2 (classic) SimpliSafe™ systems
* `SystemV3`: an object to control V3 (new, released in 2018) SimpliSafe™ systems

Despite the differences, `simplipy` provides a common interface to
these objects, meaning many of the same properties and methods are available to both.

### Base Properties and Methods

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems.items():
            # Return a reference to a SimpliSafe™ API object (detailed later):
            system.api
            # >>> <simplipy.api.API object at 0x12aba2321>

            # Return the street address of the system:
            system.address
            # >>> 1234 Main Street

            # Return whether the alarm is currently going off:
            system.alarm_going_off
            # >>> False

            # Return a list of sensors attached to this sytem (detailed later):
            system.sensors
            # >>> [<simplipy.sensor.SensorV2 object at 0x10661e3c8>, ...]

            # Return the system's serial number:
            system.serial
            # >>> xxxxxxxxxxxxxx

            # Return the current state of the system:
            system.state
            # >>> simplipy.system.SystemStates.away

            # Return the SimpliSafe™ identifier for this system from the key:
            system_id
            # >>> 1234abc

            # ...or as a property of the system itself:
            system.system_id
            # >>> 1234abc

            # Return the average of all temperature sensors (if they exist):
            system.temperature
            # >>> 67

            # Return the SimpliSafe™ version:
            system.version
            # >>> 2

            # Return a list of events for the system with an optional start timestamp and
            # number of events - omitting these parameters will return all events (max of
            # 50) stored in SimpliSafe™'s cloud:
            await system.get_events(from_timestamp=1534035861, num_events=2)
            # >>> [{"eventId": 123, ...}, {"eventId": 456, ...}]

            # You can also get the latest event easily:
            await system.get_latest_event()
            # >>> {"eventId": 987, ...}

            # Set the state of the system:
            await system.set_away()
            await system.set_home()
            await system.set_off()

            # Get the latest values from the system; by default, include a refresh
            # of system info and use cached values (both can be overridden):
            await system.update(refresh_location=True, cached=True)


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

### V3 Properties

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems:
            # Return the number of seconds an activated alarm will sound for:
            system.alarm_duration
            # >>> 240

            # Return the loudness of the alarm volume:
            system.alarm_volume
            # >>> 3

            # Return the power rating of the battery backup:
            system.battery_backup_power_level
            # >>> 5239

            # Return the number of seconds to delay when returning to an "away" alarm:
            system.entry_delay_away
            # >>> 30

            # Return the number of seconds to delay when returning to an "home" alarm:
            system.entry_delay_home
            # >>> 30

            # Return the number of seconds to delay when exiting an "away" alarm:
            system.exit_delay_away
            # >>> 60

            # Return the number of seconds to delay when exiting an "home" alarm:
            system.exit_delay_home
            # >>> 0

            # Return the signal strength of the cell antenna:
            system.gsm_strength
            # >>> -73

            # Return whether the base station light is on:
            system.light
            # >>> True

            # Return whether the base station is noticing RF jamming:
            system.rf_jamming
            # >>> False

            # Return the loudness of the voice prompt:
            system.voice_prompt_volume
            # >>> 2

            # Return the power rating of the A/C outlet:
            system.wall_power_level
            # >>> 5239

            # Return the ssid of the base station:
            system.wifi_ssid
            # >>> "My_SSID"

            # Return the signal strength of the wifi antenna:
            system.wifi_strength
            # >>> -43


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

### A Note on `system.update()`

There are two crucial differences between V2 and V3 systems when updating:

* V2 systems, which use only 2G cell connectivity, will be slower to update
  than V3 systems when those V3 systems are connected to WiFi.
* V2 systems will audibly announce, "Your settings have been synchronized."
  when the update completes; V3 systems will not. Unfortunately, this cannot
  currently be worked around.

## The `Sensor` Object

`Sensor` objects provide information about the SimpliSafe™ sensors to
which they relate.

**NOTE:** Individual sensors cannot be updated directly; instead,
the `update()` method on their parent `System` object should be used. It is
crucial to remember that sensor values are only as current as the last time
`system.update()` was called.

Like their `System` cousins, two types of objects can be returned:

* `SensorV2`: an object to view V2 (classic) SimpliSafe™ sensors
* `SensorV3`: an object to view V3 (new, released in 2018) SimpliSafe™ sensors

Once again, `simplipy` provides a common interface to
these objects; however, there are some properties that are either (a) specific
to one version or (b) return a different meaning based on the version. These
differences are outlined below.

### Base Properties

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems:
            for serial, sensor_attrs in system.sensors.items():
                # Return the sensor's name:
                sensor.name
                # >>> Kitchen Window

                # Return the sensor's serial number through the index:
                serial
                # >>> 1234ABCD

                # ...or through the property:
                sensor.serial
                # >>> 1234ABCD

                # Return the sensor's type:
                sensor.type
                # >>> simplipy.sensor.SensorTypes.glass_break

                # Return whether the sensor is in an error state:
                sensor.error
                # >>> False

                # Return whether the sensor has a low battery:
                sensor.low_battery
                # >>> False

                # Return whether the sensor has been triggered (open/closed, etc.):
                sensor.triggered
                # >>> False


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

### V2 Properties

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems:
            for serial, sensor_attrs in system.sensors.items():
                # Return the sensor's data as a currently non-understood integer:
                sensor.data
                # >>> 0

                # Return the sensor's settings as a currently non-understood integer:
                sensor.settings
                # >>> 1


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

### V3 Properties

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems:
            for sensor in system.sensors:
                # Return whether the sensor is offline:
                sensor.offline
                # >>> False

                # Return a settings dictionary for the sensor:
                sensor.settings
                # >>> {"instantTrigger": False, "away2": 1, "away": 1, ...}

                # For temperature sensors, return the current temperature:
                sensor.temperature
                # >>> 67


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

## Dealing with PINs

`simplipy` allows users to easily retrieve, set, reset, and remove PINs associated with a
SimpliSafe™ account:

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems:
            # Get all PINs (retrieving fresh or from the cache):
            await system.get_pins(cached=False)
            # >>> {"master": "1234", "duress": "9876"}

            # Set a new user PIN:
            await system.set_pin("My New User", "1122")
            await system.get_pins(cached=False)
            # >>> {"master": "1234", "duress": "9876", "My New User": "1122"}

            # Remove a PIN (by value or by label)
            await system.remove_pin("My New User")
            await system.get_pins(cached=False)
            # >>> {"master": "1234", "duress": "9876"}

            # Set the master PIN (works for the duress PIN, too):
            await system.set_pin("master", "9865")
            await system.get_pins(cached=False)
            # >>> {"master": "9865", "duress": "9876"}


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

Note that the above note re: V2 systems – specifically, their propensity to audibly
announce that settings synchronization has occurred – applies to getting/setting PINs.

## The `API` Object

Each `System` object has a reference to an `API` object. This object contains
properties and a method useful for authentication and ongoing access.

**VERY IMPORTANT NOTE:** the `API` object contains references to
SimpliSafe™ access and refresh tokens. **It is vitally important that you do
not let these tokens leave your control.** If exposed, savvy attackers could
use them to view and alter your system's state. **You have been warned; proper
usage of these properties is solely your responsibility.**

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems:
            # Return the current access token:
            system.api._access_token
            # >>> 7s9yasdh9aeu21211add

            # Return the current refresh token:
            system.api.refresh_token
            # >>> 896sad86gudas87d6asd

            # Return the SimpliSafe™ user ID associated with this account:
            system.api.user_id
            # >>> 1234567


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

# Errors/Exceptions

`simplipy` exposes several useful error types:

* `simplipy.errors.SimplipyError`: a base error that all other `simplipy`
  errors inherit from
* `simplipy.errors.InvalidCredentialsError`: an error related to an invalid
  username/password combo
* `simplipy.errors.PinError`: an error related to an invalid PIN operation, such as
  attempting to delete a reserved PIN (e.g., "master"), adding too many PINs, etc.
* `simplipy.errors.RequestError`: an error related to HTTP requests that return
  something other than a `200` response code

# Refreshing the Access Token

## General Notes

During usage, `simplipy` will automatically refresh the access token as needed.
At any point, the "dirtiness" of the token can be checked:

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_token(
            "<REFRESH TOKEN>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system in systems:
            # Assuming the access token was automatically refreshed:
            primary_system.api.refresh_token_dirty
            # >>> True

            # Once the dirtiness is confirmed, the dirty bit resets:
            primary_system.api.refresh_token_dirty
            # >>> False


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

## Restarting with a Refresh Token

It may be desirable to re-authenticate against the SimpliSafe™ API at some
point in the future (and without using a user's email and password). In that
case, it is recommended that you save the `refresh_token` property somewhere;
when it comes time to re-authenticate, simply:

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
"""Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_token("<REFRESH TOKEN>", websession)
        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        # ...


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

Although no official documentation exists, basic testing appears to confirm the
hypothesis that the refresh token is both long-lived and single-use. This means
that theoretically, it should be possible to use it to create an access token
long into the future. If `login_via_token()` should throw an error, however,
the system object(s) will need to be recreated via `login_via_credentials()`.

# Contributing

1. [Check for open features/bugs](https://github.com/bachya/simplisafe-python/issues)
  or [initiate a discussion on one](https://github.com/bachya/simplisafe-python/issues/new).
2. [Fork the repository](https://github.com/bachya/simplisafe-python/fork).
3. Install the dev environment: `make init`.
4. Enter the virtual environment: `pipenv shell`
5. Code your new feature or bug fix.
6. Write a test that covers your new functionality.
7. Update `README.md` with any new documentation.
8. Run tests and ensure 100% code coverage: `make coverage`
9. Ensure you have no linting errors: `make lint`
10. Ensure you have no typed your code correctly: `make typing`
11. Add yourself to `AUTHORS.md`.
12. Submit a pull request!

Commit message:

Fixes multiple lines of code with an added ".items()" (#42)
* Fixed missing ".items()"

Basically, I changed all "for system_id, system in systems:" into "for system_id, system in systems.items():" because Python doesn't like the first one.

* Update AUTHORS.md

README.md, after:

# 🚨 simplisafe-python: A Python3, async interface to the SimpliSafe™ API

[![Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/bachya/simplisafe-python.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/bachya/simplisafe-python)
[![PyPi](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/simplisafe-python.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/simplisafe-python)
[![Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/simplisafe-python.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/simplisafe-python)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/simplisafe-python.svg)](https://github.com/bachya/simplisafe-python/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![Code Coverage](https://codecov.io/gh/bachya/simplisafe-python/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/bachya/simplisafe-python)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/f46d8b1dcfde6a2f683d/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/bachya/simplisafe-python/maintainability)
[![Say Thanks](https://img.shields.io/badge/SayThanks-!-1EAEDB.svg)](https://saythanks.io/to/bachya)

`simplisafe-python` (hereafter referred to as `simplipy`) is a Python3,
`asyncio`-driven interface to the unofficial SimpliSafe™ API. With it, users can
get data on their system (including available sensors), set the system state,
and more.

**NOTE:** SimpliSafe™ has no official API; therefore, this library may stop
working at any time without warning.

**SPECIAL THANKS:** Original inspiration was obtained from
https://github.com/greencoder/easysafe-python; thanks to Scott Newman for all the
hard work!

# Python Versions

`simplisafe-python` is currently supported on:

* Python 3.5
* Python 3.6
* Python 3.7

However, running the test suite currently requires Python 3.6 or higher; tests
run on Python 3.5 will fail.

# Standard vs. Interactive SimpliSafe™ Plans

SimpliSafe™ offers two different monitoring plans:

>**Standard:** Monitoring specialists guard your home around-the-clock from
>our award-winning monitoring centers. In an emergency, we send the police to
>your home. Free cellular connection built-in.

>**Interactive:** Standard + advanced mobile app control of your system from
>anywhere in the world. Get text + email alerts, monitor home activity,
>arm/disarm your system, control settings right on your smartphone or laptop.
>Bonus: Secret! Alerts—get secretly notified when anyone accesses private
>rooms, drawers, safes and more.

Please note that only Interactive plans can access sensor values and set the
system state; using the API with a Standard plan will be limited to retrieving
the current system state.

# Installation

```python
pip install simplisafe-python
```

# Usage

## Getting Systems Associated with an Account

`simplipy` starts within an
[aiohttp](https://aiohttp.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) `ClientSession`:

```python
import asyncio

from aiohttp import ClientSession


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        # YOUR CODE HERE


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

To get all SimpliSafe™ systems associated with an account:

```python
import asyncio

from aiohttp import ClientSession

from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        # Get a dict of systems with the system ID as the key:
        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        # >>> {"1234abc": <simplipy.system.SystemV2 object at 0x10661e3c8>, ...}


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

## The `System` Object

`System` objects are used to retrieve data on and control the state
of SimpliSafe™ systems. Two types of objects can be returned:

* `SystemV2`: an object to control V2 (classic) SimpliSafe™ systems
* `SystemV3`: an object to control V3 (new, released in 2018) SimpliSafe™ systems

Despite the differences, `simplipy` provides a common interface to
these objects, meaning many of the same properties and methods are available to both.

### Base Properties and Methods

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems.items():
            # Return a reference to a SimpliSafe™ API object (detailed later):
            system.api
            # >>> <simplipy.api.API object at 0x12aba2321>

            # Return the street address of the system:
            system.address
            # >>> 1234 Main Street

            # Return whether the alarm is currently going off:
            system.alarm_going_off
            # >>> False

            # Return a list of sensors attached to this sytem (detailed later):
            system.sensors
            # >>> [<simplipy.sensor.SensorV2 object at 0x10661e3c8>, ...]

            # Return the system's serial number:
            system.serial
            # >>> xxxxxxxxxxxxxx

            # Return the current state of the system:
            system.state
            # >>> simplipy.system.SystemStates.away

            # Return the SimpliSafe™ identifier for this system from the key:
            system_id
            # >>> 1234abc

            # ...or as a property of the system itself:
            system.system_id
            # >>> 1234abc

            # Return the average of all temperature sensors (if they exist):
            system.temperature
            # >>> 67

            # Return the SimpliSafe™ version:
            system.version
            # >>> 2

            # Return a list of events for the system with an optional start timestamp and
            # number of events - omitting these parameters will return all events (max of
            # 50) stored in SimpliSafe™'s cloud:
            await system.get_events(from_timestamp=1534035861, num_events=2)
            # >>> [{"eventId": 123, ...}, {"eventId": 456, ...}]

            # You can also get the latest event easily:
            await system.get_latest_event()
            # >>> {"eventId": 987, ...}

            # Set the state of the system:
            await system.set_away()
            await system.set_home()
            await system.set_off()

            # Get the latest values from the system; by default, include a refresh
            # of system info and use cached values (both can be overridden):
            await system.update(refresh_location=True, cached=True)


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

### V3 Properties

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems.items():
            # Return the number of seconds an activated alarm will sound for:
            system.alarm_duration
            # >>> 240

            # Return the loudness of the alarm volume:
            system.alarm_volume
            # >>> 3

            # Return the power rating of the battery backup:
            system.battery_backup_power_level
            # >>> 5239

            # Return the number of seconds to delay when returning to an "away" alarm:
            system.entry_delay_away
            # >>> 30

            # Return the number of seconds to delay when returning to an "home" alarm:
            system.entry_delay_home
            # >>> 30

            # Return the number of seconds to delay when exiting an "away" alarm:
            system.exit_delay_away
            # >>> 60

            # Return the number of seconds to delay when exiting an "home" alarm:
            system.exit_delay_home
            # >>> 0

            # Return the signal strength of the cell antenna:
            system.gsm_strength
            # >>> -73

            # Return whether the base station light is on:
            system.light
            # >>> True

            # Return whether the base station is noticing RF jamming:
            system.rf_jamming
            # >>> False

            # Return the loudness of the voice prompt:
            system.voice_prompt_volume
            # >>> 2

            # Return the power rating of the A/C outlet:
            system.wall_power_level
            # >>> 5239

            # Return the ssid of the base station:
            system.wifi_ssid
            # >>> "My_SSID"

            # Return the signal strength of the wifi antenna:
            system.wifi_strength
            # >>> -43


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

### A Note on `system.update()`

There are two crucial differences between V2 and V3 systems when updating:

* V2 systems, which use only 2G cell connectivity, will be slower to update
  than V3 systems when those V3 systems are connected to WiFi.
* V2 systems will audibly announce, "Your settings have been synchronized."
  when the update completes; V3 systems will not. Unfortunately, this cannot
  currently be worked around.

## The `Sensor` Object

`Sensor` objects provide information about the SimpliSafe™ sensors to
which they relate.

**NOTE:** Individual sensors cannot be updated directly; instead,
the `update()` method on their parent `System` object should be used. It is
crucial to remember that sensor values are only as current as the last time
`system.update()` was called.

Like their `System` cousins, two types of objects can be returned:

* `SensorV2`: an object to view V2 (classic) SimpliSafe™ sensors
* `SensorV3`: an object to view V3 (new, released in 2018) SimpliSafe™ sensors

Once again, `simplipy` provides a common interface to
these objects; however, there are some properties that are either (a) specific
to one version or (b) return a different meaning based on the version. These
differences are outlined below.

### Base Properties

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems.items():
            for serial, sensor_attrs in system.sensors.items():
                # Return the sensor's name:
                sensor.name
                # >>> Kitchen Window

                # Return the sensor's serial number through the index:
                serial
                # >>> 1234ABCD

                # ...or through the property:
                sensor.serial
                # >>> 1234ABCD

                # Return the sensor's type:
                sensor.type
                # >>> simplipy.sensor.SensorTypes.glass_break

                # Return whether the sensor is in an error state:
                sensor.error
                # >>> False

                # Return whether the sensor has a low battery:
                sensor.low_battery
                # >>> False

                # Return whether the sensor has been triggered (open/closed, etc.):
                sensor.triggered
                # >>> False


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

### V2 Properties

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems.items():
            for serial, sensor_attrs in system.sensors.items():
                # Return the sensor's data as a currently non-understood integer:
                sensor.data
                # >>> 0

                # Return the sensor's settings as a currently non-understood integer:
                sensor.settings
                # >>> 1


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

### V3 Properties

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems.items():
            for sensor in system.sensors:
                # Return whether the sensor is offline:
                sensor.offline
                # >>> False

                # Return a settings dictionary for the sensor:
                sensor.settings
                # >>> {"instantTrigger": False, "away2": 1, "away": 1, ...}

                # For temperature sensors, return the current temperature:
                sensor.temperature
                # >>> 67


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

## Dealing with PINs

`simplipy` allows users to easily retrieve, set, reset, and remove PINs associated with a
SimpliSafe™ account:

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems.items():
            # Get all PINs (retrieving fresh or from the cache):
            await system.get_pins(cached=False)
            # >>> {"master": "1234", "duress": "9876"}

            # Set a new user PIN:
            await system.set_pin("My New User", "1122")
            await system.get_pins(cached=False)
            # >>> {"master": "1234", "duress": "9876", "My New User": "1122"}

            # Remove a PIN (by value or by label)
            await system.remove_pin("My New User")
            await system.get_pins(cached=False)
            # >>> {"master": "1234", "duress": "9876"}

            # Set the master PIN (works for the duress PIN, too):
            await system.set_pin("master", "9865")
            await system.get_pins(cached=False)
            # >>> {"master": "9865", "duress": "9876"}


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

Note that the above note re: V2 systems – specifically, their propensity to audibly
announce that settings synchronization has occurred – applies to getting/setting PINs.

## The `API` Object

Each `System` object has a reference to an `API` object. This object contains
properties and a method useful for authentication and ongoing access.

**VERY IMPORTANT NOTE:** the `API` object contains references to
SimpliSafe™ access and refresh tokens. **It is vitally important that you do
not let these tokens leave your control.** If exposed, savvy attackers could
use them to view and alter your system's state. **You have been warned; proper
usage of these properties is solely your responsibility.**

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_credentials(
            "<EMAIL>", "<PASSWORD>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system_id, system in systems.items():
            # Return the current access token:
            system.api._access_token
            # >>> 7s9yasdh9aeu21211add

            # Return the current refresh token:
            system.api.refresh_token
            # >>> 896sad86gudas87d6asd

            # Return the SimpliSafe™ user ID associated with this account:
            system.api.user_id
            # >>> 1234567


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

# Errors/Exceptions

`simplipy` exposes several useful error types:

* `simplipy.errors.SimplipyError`: a base error that all other `simplipy`
  errors inherit from
* `simplipy.errors.InvalidCredentialsError`: an error related to an invalid
  username/password combo
* `simplipy.errors.PinError`: an error related to an invalid PIN operation, such as
  attempting to delete a reserved PIN (e.g., "master"), adding too many PINs, etc.
* `simplipy.errors.RequestError`: an error related to HTTP requests that return
  something other than a `200` response code

# Refreshing the Access Token

## General Notes

During usage, `simplipy` will automatically refresh the access token as needed.
At any point, the "dirtiness" of the token can be checked:

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
    """Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_token(
            "<REFRESH TOKEN>", websession
        )

        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        for system in systems.items():
            # Assuming the access token was automatically refreshed:
            primary_system.api.refresh_token_dirty
            # >>> True

            # Once the dirtiness is confirmed, the dirty bit resets:
            primary_system.api.refresh_token_dirty
            # >>> False


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

## Restarting with a Refresh Token

It may be desirable to re-authenticate against the SimpliSafe™ API at some
point in the future (and without using a user's email and password). In that
case, it is recommended that you save the `refresh_token` property somewhere;
when it comes time to re-authenticate, simply:

```python
from simplipy import API


async def main() -> None:
"""Create the aiohttp session and run."""
    async with ClientSession() as websession:
        simplisafe = await API.login_via_token("<REFRESH TOKEN>", websession)
        systems = await simplisafe.get_systems()
        # ...


asyncio.get_event_loop().run_until_complete(main())
```

Although no official documentation exists, basic testing appears to confirm the
hypothesis that the refresh token is both long-lived and single-use. This means
that theoretically, it should be possible to use it to create an access token
long into the future. If `login_via_token()` should throw an error, however,
the system object(s) will need to be recreated via `login_via_credentials()`.

# Contributing

1. [Check for open features/bugs](https://github.com/bachya/simplisafe-python/issues)
  or [initiate a discussion on one](https://github.com/bachya/simplisafe-python/issues/new).
2. [Fork the repository](https://github.com/bachya/simplisafe-python/fork).
3. Install the dev environment: `make init`.
4. Enter the virtual environment: `pipenv shell`
5. Code your new feature or bug fix.
6. Write a test that covers your new functionality.
7. Update `README.md` with any new documentation.
8. Run tests and ensure 100% code coverage: `make coverage`
9. Ensure you have no linting errors: `make lint`
10. Ensure you have no typed your code correctly: `make typing`
11. Add yourself to `AUTHORS.md`.
12. Submit a pull request!
